https://muonline.webzen.com/pt/gameinfo/guide/detail/42

Skill Enhance System : Mu Online
 GUIDE LIBRARY
 Search
 Search
 Close
 Beginner's Guide
 Top-up
 WEBSHOP
 How to Start
 Play Guide
 Level Up Guide
 Quest
 Skill & Trade
 Lucky Item Ticket
 Character
 Dark Knight
 Dark Wizard
 Fairy Elf
 Magic Gladiator
 Dark Lord
 Summoner
 Rage Fighter
 Grow Lancer
 Rune Mage
 Slayer
 Gun Crusher
 White Wizard & Mage
 Illusion Knight
 Alchemist
 Maps & Monsters
 Temple of Arnil
 Gray Aida
 Burning Kethotum & Old Kethotum
 Kanturu Underground
 Ignis Volcano
 Gore Tarkan
 Tormenta Island
 Distorted Karutan 1
 Kardamahal Underground Temple
 Swamp of Destruction
 Items
 Jewels
 Wings
 Mastery Talisman of Chaos Assembly
 Artifact
 Ability
 Game System
 Basic Info
 Item Upgrade
 Moss the Gambler
 Socket System
 Auto Hunting Mode
 Party & Multiclient
 Gold Channel Guide
 Gens
 Cash Shop/Inventory
 Muun
 Hunting Log
 Skills
 Character Information Window
 Elemental System Update
 EXP system & Convenience
 Currency: Ruud
 Stat Specialization
 Gremory Case
 Buying Back and More
 4 Level Seed Sphere
 Seasonal Improvements
 UI Change
 Jewel of Pandora
 Connect To SNS
 Matching System
 NPC
 Mysterious Stone
 Monster Soul Converter
 Guardian
 Season Pass
 Translation
 Event
 Battle Core
 Blood Castle
 Castle Siege
 Chaos Castle
 Chaos Castle Survival of the Fittest
 Crywolf
 Devil Square
 Event Map Square
 Gold Invasion
 Illusion Temple
 Maze of Dimensions
 Mini Games
 Protector of Archeron
 Tormented Square
 Fortress of Empire : Baruka Event Map
 White Wizard Invasion
 Group Boss Battle Event
 Speed Server Event
 Mastery Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 Accessories
 Legendary Items
 Legendary Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 MU Lite
 MU Lite
 Go to Homepage
 Entire Game Guide
 Update Guide
 ENGLISH
 ESPAÑOL
 PORTUGUÊS
 ภาษาไทย
Skills
 Skill Enhance System
 Master Skill Tree
 4th Class Skill
 Skill Enhancement Tree - 4th Stat Option Improvement
 Skill Enhance System
 Skill Enhance Tree - Debuff option added
 1. Skill Enhance Tree Debuff Option
 1) Skill Enhance Tree Debuff Option Details
 Dark Knight Debuff 1 Debuff 2
 Blow Enhancement Skill Bleeding Chilling
 Fire Blow Enhancement Skill Shock Bleeding
 Rageful Blow Enhancement Skill Poisoning Chilling
 Dark Wizard Debuff 1 Debuff 2
 Meteor Strike Enhancement Skill Shock Bleeding
 Evil Spirit Enhancement Skill Chilling Poisoning
 Meteor Storm Enhancement Skill Poisoning Chilling
 Elf Debuff 1 Debuff 2
 Triple Shot Enhancement Skill Bleeding Chilling
 Multi-Shot Enhancement Skill Shock Poisoning
 Focus Shot Enhancement Skill Poisoning Bleeding
 Summoner Debuff 1 Debuff 2
 Lightning Shock Enhancement Skill Bleeding Chilling
 Aqua Beast Enhancement Skill Chilling Poisoning
 Fire Beast Enhancement Skill Poisoning Shock
 Dark Lord Debuff 1 Debuff 2
 Chaotic Diseier Enhancement Skill Bleeding Chilling Wind Soul Enhancement Skill Chilling Shock Fire Burst Enhancement Skill Poisoning Bleeding
 Rage Fighter Debuff 1 Debuff 2
 Spirit Hook Enhancement Skill Bleeding Shock
 Dark Side Enhancement Skill Chilling Poisoning
 Dragon Roar Enhancement Skill Poisoning Chilling
 Magic Gladiator Debuff 1 Debuff 2
 Fire Blood Enhancement Skill Bleeding Poisoning
 Ice Blood Enhancement Skill Chilling Shock
 Fire Slash Enhancement Skill Poisoning Bleeding
 Dark Blast Enhancement Skill Shock Bleeding
 Gigantic Storm Enhancement Skill Chilling Poisoning
 Evil Spirit Enhancement Skill Poisoning Chilling
 Grow Lancer Debuff 1 Debuff 2
 Breche Enhancement Skill Bleeding Poisoning
 Magic Pin Enhancement Skill Shock Bleeding
 Shining Peak Enhancement Skill Chilling Poisoning
 2) How to use Skill Enhance Tree Debuff Options ① When enhancing the skill in the first slot in the Skill Enhance Tree with 10P, the [ ? ] icon in the Skill Enhance Tree is activated.
 ② [ ? ] icon, if clicked, brings up the [Select Enhancement Debuff] pop-up where you can select the debuff you wish to enhance.
 ③ If you select / enhance a debuff, it will be linked to that enhancement skill. The debuff option will then apply when the skill is used.
 [Debuff Enhancement Example] ① Using 10P for skill enhancement activates the [ ? ] icon
 ② [ ? ] icon, if clicked, brings up a pop-up for selecting an enhancement debuff.
 ③ Select an enhancement debuff and link it to the enhancement skill./li>
 Skill Enhance Tree Side Option
 1. How to Use Skill Enhance Tree Side Options
 1) Side Option - Skill Enhancement Passive Option (1) Skill Enhancement Passive Option ① Skill Enhancement Passive Options can be unlocked, based on the total points invested in the skill enhancement slot on the left side of the Skill Enhance Tree. The unlocked options can be enhanced using skill points.
 ② Skill Enhancement Passive Options unlock at three levels, and they can be enhanced by 10P per level (30P max).
 ③ At each activation level, it can be enhanced by 10P per option level. When activated to Level 3, it can be enhanced to max 30P.
 [Skill Enhancement Slot - Skill Enhancement Passive Option]
 (2) Level Conditions to Unlock and Activate Skill Enhancement Passive
 Skill Enhancement Passive Option Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
 Increase Max HP 20P 45P 65P
 Add Variable Stat 40P 80P 120P
 Increase Basic DEF 60P 100P 140P
 A) Level Conditions to Activate Skill Enhancement Passive Option (Example: Increase Max HP option) (a) When a total of 20P is used in the skill enhancement slot, the Increase Max HP option unlocks, and reaches Activation Level 1. It can also be enhanced by 10P.
When the Increase Max HP option is enhanced by a total of 10P, it becomes locked again.
 (b) When a total of 45P is used in the skill enhancement slot, the Increase Max HP option unlocks again and reaches Activation Level 2. It can be further enhanced by 10P.
When the Increase Max HP option is enhanced by a total of 20P, it becomes locked again.
 2) Side Option - Debuff Enhancement Passive Option (1) Debuff Enhancement Passive Option ① Debuff Enhancement Passive Options can be unlocked, based on the total points invested in the debuff enhancement slot in the Skill Enhance Tree. The unlocked options can be enhanced using skill points.
 ② Debuff Enhancement Passive Options unlock at three levels, and they can be enhanced by 10P per level (30P max).
 ③ At each activation level, it can be enhanced by 10P per option level. When activated to Level 3, it can be enhanced to max 30P.
 [Debuff Enhancement Slot - Debuff Enhancement Passive Option]
 (2) Level Conditions to Unlock and Activate Debuff Enhancement Passive
 Debuff Enhancement Passive Option Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
 Increase DMG 10P 35P 60P
 Add Variable Stat 30P 70P 110P
 Increase Skill DMG 50P 90P 130P
 A) Level Conditions to Activate Debuff Enhancement Passive Option (Example: Increase DMG option) (a) When a total of 10P is used in the debuff enhancement slot, the Increase DMG option unlocks, and reaches Activation Level 1. It can also be enhanced by 10P.
When the Increase DMG option is enhanced by a total of 10P, it becomes locked again.
 (b) When a total of 35 P is used in the debuff enhancement slot, the Increase DMG option unlocks again and reaches Activation Level 2. It can be further enhanced by 10P.
When the Increase DMG option is enhanced by a total of 20P, it becomes locked again.
 Side Option Details
 1. Skill Enhancement Passive Option Details
 1) Increase Max HP ① By enhancing the Increase Max HP option, you can increase your character's Max HP by the option enhancement value.
 2) Increase Basic DEF ① By enhancing the Increase Basic DEF option, you can increase your character's Basic DEF by the option enhancement value.
 ② The Increase Basic DEF option is a DEF option that cannot be penetrated with options such as Enemy DEF Ignore, to the extent of that option's value.
 2. Debuff Enhancement Passive Option Details
 1) Increase DMG ① Provided to classes specializing DMG, this option increases your character's DMG. (A) Dark Knight, Elf, Dark Lord, Rage Fighter, Grow Lancer
 2) Increase Magic ① Provided to classes specializing in Magic, this option increases your character's Magic. (A) Dark Wizard, Summoner
 3) Increase DMG / Magic ① Provided to the classes specializing in both DMG / Magic, this option increases a character's DMG / Magic. (A) Magic Gladiator
 4) Increase Skill DMG ① By enhancing the Increase Skill DMG option, you can increase skill DMG by the option enhancement value.
 3. Common Option
 1) Add Variable Stat ① If you enhance the Add Variable Stat option, you get points and a variable stat pop-up will be displayed where you can use those points.
 ② You can directly enhance Strength, Agility, HP, and Energy stats.
 ※ Variable Stat increases a character's basic stats, and it does not affect the stats required for equipping items, etc.
 ※ Variable Stats enhanced by the Add Variable Stat option will also reset if the Skill Enhance Tree resets.
 New skills added, and skill features changed
 1. Rage Fighter's new skill added
 1) Spirit Hook - Basic Skill (1) Spirit Hook Skill Settings ① Rage Fighter characters attack a target within close range with 2 blows: 1 right and 1 left hook.
 ② Using Spirit Hook once deals a total of 4 DMG to one target, and additional DMG may be inflicted at a certain A) Requirement for learning Spirit Hook
 (a) You can purchase a Spirit Hook scroll from James, an NPC in Elbeland, but must meet the requirements to learn the skill.
 [Requirements]
 - HP: 1048
 - Chain Drive Enhancement: 10P
 2) Spirit Hook Enhancement Skill (1) Spirit Hook Skill Settings
 - Chain Drive Enhancement Skill (for Rage Fighters who completed 4th Class Upgrade) is removed from the Skill Enhance Tree, and Spirit Hook Enhancement Skill is added.
 2. Grow Lancer Shining Peak - skill features changed
 1) Shining Peak - features changed (1) Shining Peak Skill Settings A) Skill Range changed (a) Previously, the DMG range was circular, but it has now changed to a range set in the attack direction.
 B) Cooldown Time removed (a) The skill's cooldown time was removed.
 (2) Shining Peak Skill Enhance Tree Option Details changed
 - The Cooldown time and Increase Skill Range options in the Shining Peak Skill Enhance Tree are now changed to Increase Range and Increase Attack Speed options.
 Debuff Option (Skill) DMG applied
 1. Debuff DMG applied
 - Applied DMG to Debuff Option and Debuff Explosion Skill with fixed DMG.
 1) Poisoning Debuff DMG applied ① Applied DMG based on a character's level to the Poisoning Debuff DMG with fixed DMG.
 ② With new DMG settings, higher-level characters can inflict greater Poisoning DMG. Min - Max DMG also applies.
 ③ You can further enhance Poisoning DMG using Poison Effect Enhancement option.
 2) Debuff Explosion Skill DMG Settings applied - Poison Storm
 - Frozen Slayer
 - Bloodying Hit
 - Stun Boom ① Applied fixed DMG to DMG based on a character's level to the Explosion Skill.
 ② With new DMG settings, higher-level characters can inflict greater Explosion DMG. Min - Max DMG also applies.
 Monster Debuff Resistance / DEF created
 1. Monster Debuff Resistance / DEF Settings 1) Monster Debuff Resistance applied ① Monster Debuff Resistance is now applied to reduce a character's Debuff rate.
 [Example - Monster Debuff Resistance applied]
 Character's Debuff Rate Monster Debuff Resistance Value Settings applied Result
 45% 10% Rate (45%) - Resistance (10%) Debuff Rate 30%
 2) Monster Debuff DEF applied ① Applied Monster DEF against Debuff DMG when a character inflicts DMG-type Debuff on a monster.
 [Example - Monster Debuff DEF applied]
 Debuff DMG Debuff DEF Settings applied Result
 1000 100 DMG (1,000) - DEF (100) Debuff DMG 900
 Share
 Request for the Guide Update
 Share on
 twitter
 facebook
 Copy
 Close
 © Webzen Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
 TOP
