https://muonline.webzen.com/pt/gameinfo/guide/detail/86

4th Class Quest : Mu Online
 GUIDE LIBRARY
 Search
 Search
 Close
 Beginner's Guide
 Top-up
 WEBSHOP
 How to Start
 Play Guide
 Level Up Guide
 Quest
 Skill & Trade
 Lucky Item Ticket
 Character
 Dark Knight
 Dark Wizard
 Fairy Elf
 Magic Gladiator
 Dark Lord
 Summoner
 Rage Fighter
 Grow Lancer
 Rune Mage
 Slayer
 Gun Crusher
 White Wizard & Mage
 Illusion Knight
 Alchemist
 Maps & Monsters
 Temple of Arnil
 Gray Aida
 Burning Kethotum & Old Kethotum
 Kanturu Underground
 Ignis Volcano
 Gore Tarkan
 Tormenta Island
 Distorted Karutan 1
 Kardamahal Underground Temple
 Swamp of Destruction
 Items
 Jewels
 Wings
 Mastery Talisman of Chaos Assembly
 Artifact
 Ability
 Game System
 Basic Info
 Item Upgrade
 Moss the Gambler
 Socket System
 Auto Hunting Mode
 Party & Multiclient
 Gold Channel Guide
 Gens
 Cash Shop/Inventory
 Muun
 Hunting Log
 Skills
 Character Information Window
 Elemental System Update
 EXP system & Convenience
 Currency: Ruud
 Stat Specialization
 Gremory Case
 Buying Back and More
 4 Level Seed Sphere
 Seasonal Improvements
 UI Change
 Jewel of Pandora
 Connect To SNS
 Matching System
 NPC
 Mysterious Stone
 Monster Soul Converter
 Guardian
 Season Pass
 Translation
 Event
 Battle Core
 Blood Castle
 Castle Siege
 Chaos Castle
 Chaos Castle Survival of the Fittest
 Crywolf
 Devil Square
 Event Map Square
 Gold Invasion
 Illusion Temple
 Maze of Dimensions
 Mini Games
 Protector of Archeron
 Tormented Square
 Fortress of Empire : Baruka Event Map
 White Wizard Invasion
 Group Boss Battle Event
 Speed Server Event
 Mastery Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 Accessories
 Legendary Items
 Legendary Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 MU Lite
 MU Lite
 Go to Homepage
 Entire Game Guide
 Update Guide
 ENGLISH
 ESPAÑOL
 PORTUGUÊS
 ภาษาไทย
Quest
 Quest for Beginners
 Tutorial Quest
 4th Class Quest
 5th Class Quest
 4th Class Quest
 4th Class Upgrade Quest
 [Quest Background] [4th Class Upgrade Background]
MU&rsquo;s heroes who inherited the will of the priest of Light, Devin, have successfully defended Crywolf from Balgas and have been reborn as heroes with the sacred god Lugard&rsquo;s blessing. However, their strength was not enough to defeat the new monsters and restore order in MU.
The priest, Devin, felt the need to unite the blessed heroes as one so he sought the strength and the ability from... one of the 12 priests of Light and Lugard's guardian knight, 'Sent', and asked her to test the ability of Mu's heroes again and pass down her power to those qualified.
'Sent', one of the 12 priests of Light, accepted Devin's desperate request and arrived in 'Lorencia' to meet the knights.
 [NPC Sent]
A female knight with graceful figure. One of the 12 priests of Light and the guardian knight serving the sacred god Lugard.
She is adventurous and carries out the duties of Lugard's guardian knight in many places but
she now seeks the heroes with Lugard's blessing to test their ability and pass down her power and skill to those selected as requested by the 'Priest Devin'.
She arms herself with a great sword and a holy armor, both shining bright, and her body is protected by the Wind Zone under the Lugard's grace.
 ◈ 4th Upgraded Class Name Setting Class 4th Class Upgrade
 Dark Wizard Soul Wizard
 Dark Knight Dragon Knight
 Elf Noble Elf
 Summoner Dimension Summoner
 Magic Gladiator Magic Knight
 Dark Lord Empire Lord
 Rage Fighter Fist Blazer
 Grow Lancer Shining Lancer
 1. 4th Class Upgrade Quest In-Progress / Completed
 1) Quest Acquisition and Completion Guide (1) Quest Acquisition - Go to the Area of Eligibility ① Talk to Lorencia Town NPC Sent (131.147) to enter the Area of Eligibility
 (2) Area of Eligibility - Quest Preparation, before proceeding to the Test Area ① The Area of Eligibility is where players make preparation before carrying out the quest.
 ② In the Area of Eligibility, players are able to form a party.
 ③ If one of the party member talks to Sent and chooses to enter the Test Area, all party members will progress to the Test Area.
 ④ Only characters with level 750 or higher may enter the Test Area.
 ⑤ Characters below level 800 are still able to enter the Test Area and assist the others completing the quest.
 (3) Test Area - Quest Completion ① The 4th Class Upgrade Quest can be done in the Test Area.
 ② The quest will be carried out in multiple stages based on the character who acquired the quest from Sent.
 ③ The quest is made up of 3 stages and completing the last stage will complete the 4th Class Upgrade Quest.
 ④ If the progress is interrupted by quitting play and returning to the town, the completed stages will be saved and the players can enter the Test Area again and resume the quest.
 ⑤ The 4th Class Upgrade Quest is made up of three stages:
Stage 1 -> Stage 2 -> Stage 3.
For example, a player who has not completed the stage 1 will not get the completion credit for the stage 2 even after clearing it together with another member who acquired the stage 2 of the quest.
 A) Quest Progression Example [Party Member Formation] (A) Member 1 (A) Member 2 (A) Member 3 (A) Member 4 (A) Member 5
 First Time First Time Stage 1 Completed Stage 1 Completed Stage 2 Completed
 a) If it is the first time doing the quest for 'Member 1', the stage 1 of the quest should be carried out and when it is completed, 'Member 1' and 'Member 2' will gain the status of the stage 1 completion. Other members will not be recognized for the completion of the quest.
 b) If 'Member 3' acquires the quest while holding the status of the stage 1 completion, the stage 2 of the quest should be played out and when it is completed, 'Member 3' and 'Member 4' will gain the status of the stage 2 completion. Other members will not be recognized for the completion of the quest.
 c) If 'Member 5' acquires the quest while holding the status of the stage 2 completion, the stage 3 of the quest should be played out and when it is completed, 'Member 5' will gain the status of the stage 3 completion. Other members will not be recognized for the completion of the quest.
 2. 4th Class Upgrade Quest - Stage Description
 1) 4th Class Upgrade Stage 1: Eligibility Test ① This quest is designed to test if players on their first attempt for the 4th Class Upgrade Quest meets the conditions for the upgrade.
 ② Lugard's guardian knight, Sent, will personally manage the test and the players have to subdue this guardian.
 ③ Once Sent's HP reaches 0, the players can talk to the NPC Sent to complete the Eligibility Test. Eligibility Test Quest Reward
 Character Stat 20 Points
 2) 4th Class Upgrade Stage 2: New Battle (1) ① This is the quest where Sent tests the players' hunting and survival skills against multiple monsters.
 ② The players will have to defeat 5 Deep Dungeon Skeleton Warriors, 5 Deep Dungeon Cyclops and 5 Deep Dungeon Ghost Monsters while surviving the battle for 1 minute.
 ③ When the time is over, the monsters are removed and Sent will appear. Talking to her will complete the quest.
  ④ If the players have failed to hunt 5 of each monster in 1 minute, they can simply redo the session. In this case, the kill count from the previous session is stored so the players only need to defeat the monsters to fulfill the missing counts.  New Battle (1) Quest Reward
 Character Stat 30 Points
 3) 4th Class Upgrade Stage 3 : New Battle (2) ① As the final stage of the quest line, the players have to face Sent one more time and unlike in the Test of Eligibility, Sent will use additional skills and increase the frequency of using skills.
 ② The players must subdue Sent by reducing her HP to 0.
 ③ Once Sent's HP reaches 0, the players can talk to the NPC Sent to complete the 'New Battle (2)' quest. New Battle (2) Quest Reward
 Character Stat 50 Points
 Item Rewards Scroll of Gray Oblivion
 Char 4th Class Upgrade Complete
 Skill Enhance Tree
 a) The Scroll of Gray Oblivion is provided via the Gremory Case and stored in it for 7 days.
 3. 4th Class Character
 Share
 Request for the Guide Update
 Share on
 twitter
 facebook
 Copy
 Close
 © Webzen Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
 TOP
