https://muonline.webzen.com/pt/gameinfo/guide/detail/124

Crywolf : Mu Online
 GUIDE LIBRARY
 Search
 Search
 Close
 Beginner's Guide
 Top-up
 WEBSHOP
 How to Start
 Play Guide
 Level Up Guide
 Quest
 Skill & Trade
 Lucky Item Ticket
 Character
 Dark Knight
 Dark Wizard
 Fairy Elf
 Magic Gladiator
 Dark Lord
 Summoner
 Rage Fighter
 Grow Lancer
 Rune Mage
 Slayer
 Gun Crusher
 White Wizard & Mage
 Illusion Knight
 Alchemist
 Maps & Monsters
 Temple of Arnil
 Gray Aida
 Burning Kethotum & Old Kethotum
 Kanturu Underground
 Ignis Volcano
 Gore Tarkan
 Tormenta Island
 Distorted Karutan 1
 Kardamahal Underground Temple
 Swamp of Destruction
 Items
 Jewels
 Wings
 Mastery Talisman of Chaos Assembly
 Artifact
 Ability
 Game System
 Basic Info
 Item Upgrade
 Moss the Gambler
 Socket System
 Auto Hunting Mode
 Party & Multiclient
 Gold Channel Guide
 Gens
 Cash Shop/Inventory
 Muun
 Hunting Log
 Skills
 Character Information Window
 Elemental System Update
 EXP system & Convenience
 Currency: Ruud
 Stat Specialization
 Gremory Case
 Buying Back and More
 4 Level Seed Sphere
 Seasonal Improvements
 UI Change
 Jewel of Pandora
 Connect To SNS
 Matching System
 NPC
 Mysterious Stone
 Monster Soul Converter
 Guardian
 Season Pass
 Translation
 Event
 Battle Core
 Blood Castle
 Castle Siege
 Chaos Castle
 Chaos Castle Survival of the Fittest
 Crywolf
 Devil Square
 Event Map Square
 Gold Invasion
 Illusion Temple
 Maze of Dimensions
 Mini Games
 Protector of Archeron
 Tormented Square
 Fortress of Empire : Baruka Event Map
 White Wizard Invasion
 Group Boss Battle Event
 Speed Server Event
 Mastery Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 Accessories
 Legendary Items
 Legendary Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 MU Lite
 MU Lite
 Go to Homepage
 Entire Game Guide
 Update Guide
 ENGLISH
 ESPAÑOL
 PORTUGUÊS
 ภาษาไทย
Crywolf
 Crywolf
 Fortress of Crywolf is located at the southeastern area of Valley of Loren.
It's a front line fortress where the allied forces of human and elf fight against the forces of Kundun. The rough geographical features of the fortress made it a fortress blessed with natural barriers for defense and a key area for strategy.
Kundun's forces haven't been able to head north and now the frontline is in a deadlock.
Therefore Kundun has commanded Lemuria to dispatch troops to the Fortress of Crywolf to overcome a situation.
 Requirements
 Regular characters (Above level 10),
Magic Gladiator and Dark Lord (Above level 7)
 How to enter Crywolf
 Through Valley of Loren (Entrance coordinate: 164,35)
 The Crywolf Battle Stages
 Stand-by
 1. Inside village will change from a safety zone to battle zone when the battle starts.
 2. Players can't use their personal store or talk to the NPC.
 Schedule
 1. Battle will be held for 30 minutes.
 2. When the character gets killed in the battle he will resurrect from a certain location in the map.
 3. The goal of the battle is to be the last man standing when the time runs out.
 Wolf Statue
 This enormous tutelary statue was created from the ancient strength of elves so it has a power to protect itself from the evil sprits which keeps away Kundun's troops. But the statue becomes weak once a week and gets attacked by Kundun's troops led by Balgass. There are 5 altars around the statue for protection and when these altars are destroyed the statue will lose its power to protect the Fortress of Crywolf
 Altar
 These altars protect and give power to the statue and only the elves can give powers to the altars. When the altars get destroyed the statue will lose its power making these altars a prime target for Balgass' monster troops. The success of the quest will depend on the players' ability to protect the altars and the elves who give power to the altars.
 Altar Contract
 Character restriction for contract - 5 Muse elf characters above level 350. When the contract is ongoing between the altar and a Muse elf, no further contact will be allowed.
 No. of contracts - Maximum of 2 contracts are allowed and no further contract will be permitted. Failure in contract can be caused when the character moves out of altar while the contract is ongoing or when the character gets killed while the contract is ongoing.
 Contract time - An icon will be displayed on the characters that can still avail the contract. It will take an effect on the Wolf statue 5 minutes after the altar contract gets registered.
 Shield creation - Certain no. of shields for the Wolf statue will be created depending on the no. of characters in ongoing contract at the altar.
 Initial status without a contract: Shield HP = 0
 When the character gets killed while the contract is ongoing: Shield HP = Total HP of character in ongoing contract
 Shield HP - When the contracted character's HP decreases the HP of Wolf statue will decrease as well.
 Success
 More than 1 altar left and Wolf statue is protected at the end of the battle
 When Balgass is defeated
 Failure
 All the altars are destroyed and the contract wasn't sustained at the end of the battle.
 When Balgass is not defeated
 Rewards
 A. Individual rewards Bonus Exp can be acquired aside from the EXP from monsters depending on the no. of participants.
 Different rewards will be given to the participants of the battle depending on Kill Points.
 Kill Points will be earned by a character that delivers the final killing blow.
 Muse elves who survive after the contract battle will earn an additional 6,000 points.
 Reward will be given after the battle therefore if the character warps to another map before the end of battle he will not receive the reward.
 B. Server rewards Strength of monsters in all server clusters except Land of Trial will decrease 10%.
 Kundun's life recovery will not function.
 Success rate will increase 5% when combining invitations.
 Failure penalt
 Corresponding function can't be used since the trainer and NPC Serbis in Crywolf will be evacuated.
 Drop rate for Jewel of guardian in Land of Trial will decrease.
  
 Share
 Request for the Guide Update
 Share on
 twitter
 facebook
 Copy
 Close
 © Webzen Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
 TOP
