https://muonline.webzen.com/pt/gameinfo/guide/detail/118

Castle Siege : Mu Online
 GUIDE LIBRARY
 Search
 Search
 Close
 Beginner's Guide
 Top-up
 WEBSHOP
 How to Start
 Play Guide
 Level Up Guide
 Quest
 Skill & Trade
 Lucky Item Ticket
 Character
 Dark Knight
 Dark Wizard
 Fairy Elf
 Magic Gladiator
 Dark Lord
 Summoner
 Rage Fighter
 Grow Lancer
 Rune Mage
 Slayer
 Gun Crusher
 White Wizard & Mage
 Illusion Knight
 Alchemist
 Maps & Monsters
 Temple of Arnil
 Gray Aida
 Burning Kethotum & Old Kethotum
 Kanturu Underground
 Ignis Volcano
 Gore Tarkan
 Tormenta Island
 Distorted Karutan 1
 Kardamahal Underground Temple
 Swamp of Destruction
 Items
 Jewels
 Wings
 Mastery Talisman of Chaos Assembly
 Artifact
 Ability
 Game System
 Basic Info
 Item Upgrade
 Moss the Gambler
 Socket System
 Auto Hunting Mode
 Party & Multiclient
 Gold Channel Guide
 Gens
 Cash Shop/Inventory
 Muun
 Hunting Log
 Skills
 Character Information Window
 Elemental System Update
 EXP system & Convenience
 Currency: Ruud
 Stat Specialization
 Gremory Case
 Buying Back and More
 4 Level Seed Sphere
 Seasonal Improvements
 UI Change
 Jewel of Pandora
 Connect To SNS
 Matching System
 NPC
 Mysterious Stone
 Monster Soul Converter
 Guardian
 Season Pass
 Translation
 Event
 Battle Core
 Blood Castle
 Castle Siege
 Chaos Castle
 Chaos Castle Survival of the Fittest
 Crywolf
 Devil Square
 Event Map Square
 Gold Invasion
 Illusion Temple
 Maze of Dimensions
 Mini Games
 Protector of Archeron
 Tormented Square
 Fortress of Empire : Baruka Event Map
 White Wizard Invasion
 Group Boss Battle Event
 Speed Server Event
 Mastery Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 Accessories
 Legendary Items
 Legendary Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 MU Lite
 MU Lite
 Go to Homepage
 Entire Game Guide
 Update Guide
 ENGLISH
 ESPAÑOL
 PORTUGUÊS
 ภาษาไทย
Castle Siege
 Castle Siege
 Castle Siege Basics
 There will be only one (1) castle for each server cluster
Move to Lorencia (239, 13) to enter the Loren Canyon
There are no restrictions for entering Loren canyon.
Loren valley is a PVP enabled area.
During Siege you can attack other participants without pressing Ctrl.
No items that should drop from resulting PK status will drop from participants during the siege event.
 Siege Participants Requirements
 A participating guild must have a Guild master with at least 200 levels (regardless of class)
A participating guild must have at least 20 members in their guild.
Participating guilds are required to have an ally to be able to successfully use the castle features.*
Other guilds and characters can participate in the siege as a neutral parties but they cannot win the castle.  If the guild that owns the castle disbands, they will lose ownership of the castle.
Only 3 guilds + allies can join the siege*
 Guild Registration period : Sunday 00:00am ~ Monday 23:59pm UTC
 Registration period for Mark of Lord : Tueday 00:00am ~ Wednesday 00:00am UTC
 Announcement : Thursday 12:00pm~ 19:00pm UTC
 Castle Preparation :  Thursday 19:00pm ~ Saturday 20:59pm UTC
 Siege Warfare : Saturday 21:00pm ~ 23:00pm UTC 
 How to arrive
 Lorencia (238,13)
 Valley of Loren (32,41)
 The first gate of the castle
Valley of Loren (94,112)
 In front of the Throne room
Valley of Loren (90,240)
 How to register for a siege
 Qualified guilds must talk to the Guardsman NPC and press the "Announce" button and their registration will be accepted.
Only the guild master of the main alliance can announce intent to siege to the guardsman NPC.
Any guild members of the guilds that have announced intent to siege can submit a Mark of Lord during the registration period.
When the guardsman NPC is clicked, the guild name and allied guilds names rankings will show on the registry.
When the guard NPC is clicked Siege status information will be shown.
Only the top 3 guilds and their allies will be given a priority for the siege.
 Computation for registration rank
 Registration Ranking = (Number of registered Mark of Lord * 5) + Number of Guild Members) + Level of Guild master /4 Siege Status.
Siege Registration Announcement  Time for guilds to announce their intentions to attack the castle.
Registration period  Time to bid for the top 3 slots for the siege by using Sign of Lord to enhance their ranking.
Announcement of Qualified guilds announces guilds that have been accepted into the guild siege.
Siege Start  Starting time for siege.
Note: Players can get a Mark of Lord through hunting any monsters.
 Siege Battle Basics
 When the guild of a registrant is selected, the invading team and their allies will have a sword icon and defending and their allies will have a shield icon.
PK penalty do not apply between the guilds of the invading and defending team.
The above condition is applicable to the Loren Valley only
PK penalty will not be applied to both invading team and defending teams but will be applicable to other characters who are not participants.
The Guild Masters will have a crown mark on the top instead of sword or shield mark.
Neutral characters will not be marked as attackers or defenders.
Guild registration/withdrawal during the battle is not allowed.
 Siege Players
 The invading team will have a sword icon and the defending team will have a shield on top of their character.
The guild master will have a crown icon instead of sword or shield. (A blue crown for the defending team and a red one for invading team)
Neutral character can attack while pressing [CTRL].
 Guild Master for Invading team
 Guild Master for Defending team
  Guild Member for Invading team
 Guild Member for Defending team
 Deployment
 1. Basic Policy and Winning condition 
The union under the invading/defending team will automatically included to each invading/defending team. 
Attacking own troops is only possible by pressing Ctrl key. 
Range attack can give 80% reduced damage to the own troops and 60% reduced damage for the other troops. 
To win the siege the guild master's official seal should be registered in the pedestal located at the dragon tower and if it succeeds the lord of a castle will be changed. 
Only the guild master can stamp the official seal in pedestal. 
To stamp press it for 30 seconds and if the 2 foot holders that are needed for stamping is cancelled or the character gets killed the stamping will fail. 
If there's a remaining time even if the stamping was successful, the battle will continue but the
2 camps of invading/defending team will be exchanged. 
The guild with their official seal stamped at the end of the siege will be the lord of a castle
 foot holder
 pedestal
  Guild Member for Invading team
 Guild Member for Defending team
 Warping in Loren
The guild that owns the castle (including united guild) can warp through Loren canyon to go the castle. 
Warp command cannot be used during the Siege Warfare but the defending team can warp if front of the castle by using "Town portal scroll".
 Status, command system
 For the guild members of invading/defending teams, there's a display of the siege status (mini map) at the lower right side of their screen.
 It displays the player's location, command status of guild master, deployment plan of the castle and status of the castle.
 It will be displayed when the siege warfare starts and it will disappear when the siege warfare is over or moving to a non-battle area.
 You can turn the display On/Off by pressing the [Tab] Key.
Command functions are only given to the guild masters of invading/defending teams and it's possible to command the attacking location to the guild members by using these functions.
 The guild master can command the siege status to the guild members by using attack commands (sword icon: Attack), shield commands (shield icon: Defense), standby commands (flag icon: Stop).
 A total of 7 groups can be commanded from this menu.
 Mini Maps
 Regular Characters
 Guild Master
 Life Stone
 Only the guild master or assistant guild master of the invading team can use the life stone. Once the life stone is created it functions as a respond point for the entire guild.
When the invading team's character gets killed,he will respond from the life stone and not from the outside of castle.
 When invading team's guild member (including united guild) gets killed, he will respond nearer from the battle zone.
 Can only be used by the invading team.
 There is a 60 second timer for placing the Life stone.
 Due to its special powers, it will restore HP/MP/AG to the invading team's characters around it (3 tiles) at the certain time.
 Life Stones can be destroyed when attacked by the invading/defending teams.
 Creating a Life Stone
 Life Stones can be created through the chaos mix.
 Life stone formula = Jewel of bless 5 + Jewel of soul 5 + Jewel of guardian 1 + Jewel of Chaos 1 + 5M zen
 Dark Knight (Cresent Moon Slash)
 Character class : Blade Knight
 Skill attack power : 90
 Mana : 22
 AG : 15
 Attacking distance : 4
 Mechanics : The skill will be activated only in the Siege Warfare map during the battle
 Dark Wizard (Wind Blades)
 Character class : Soul Master
 Skill attack power : 90
 Mana : 150
 AG : 10
 Attacking distance : 46
 Characteristic : Double impact with one attack
 Mechanics : The skill will be activated only in the Siege Warfare map during the battle
 Elf (Heaven arrow)
 Character class : Muse Elf
 Skill attack power : 120
 Mana : 20
 AG : 15
 Attacking distance : 8
 Mechanics : The skill will be activated only in the Siege Warfare map during the battle
 Magic Gladiator (Spiral Slash)
 Character class : Magic Gladiator
 Skill attack power : 75
 Mana : 20
 AG : 15
 Attacking distance : 5
 Characteristic : Double slash attack with one attack
 Mechanics : Can be used when a sword is equipped.
 Magic Gladiator (Mana Rays)
 Character class : Muse Elf
 Skill attack power : 120
 Mana : 20
 AG : 15
 Attacking distance : 8
 Mechanics : The skill will be activated only in the Siege Warfare map during the battle.
 Magic Gladiator (Spiral Slash)
 Character class : Dark Lord
 Skill attack power : 150
 Mana : 30
 AG : 10
 Attacking distance : 6
 Mechanics : The skill will be activated only in the Siege Warfare map during the battle.
 Additional skills will be added according to the rankings in guild.
 Ranking skills will be activated depending on the Kill Count and can only be used in Siege Warfare.
 The Castle Gates
 The castle gates have defensive power/durability (HP) and can only be attacked during the siege. Weapon durability is greatly reduced when attacking the castle gates, therefore it is strongly advised to take a Potion of Bless or Soul before attacking.
 When an alliance guild wins the castle while the castle gates are destroyed, the gates will not be restored until the siege is over.
 The castle gates can be upgraded up to a maximum of 3 stages of defensive power and durability. (upgrading and restoring is not possible during the battle)
 The castle gates are divided into 3 parts; with an outer part, a middle part, and an inner part It is possible to penetrate the castle even if only one gate is destroyed.
 Guardian Statues
 When all 4 statues inside the castle have been destroyed, the shield blocking entrance into the Dragon Tower vanish.
 Only the players of the defending team can enter through the shield.
 Recover HP/MP/AG around the guardian statue and recovery rate can be upgraded up to maximum of 3 stages.
 The Guardian statues have defensive power/durability (HP) and can only be attacked during the siege. Weapon durability is greatly reduced when attacking the Guardian statues, therefore it is strongly advised to take a Potion of Bless or Soul before attacking.
 Guardian statues can be upgraded up to a maximum of 3 stages of defensive power and durability. (upgrading and restoring is not possible during the battle)
 Destroy 4 Guardian statues to proceed to the Dragon tower.
 Guard towers
 Guard towers play a role in protecting the Guardian statues once the battle starts.
 Guard towers attack invading parties around them.
 Guard towers can be attacked just like Guardian statues or Castle gates.
 Dragon Tower
 This huge tower is located at top of the castle. The tower is divided into a shielded entrance and an upper floor.
 The upper floor of the Dragon Tower houses a pedestal with the official seal of the lord of the castle.
 The entrance to the Dragon tower is protected by the shield which the invading team's forces.
To penetrate the Dragon tower all 4 Guardian statues need to be destroyed.
 Registering the official seal
 The upper floor of the Dragon tower houses a pedestal with the official seal of the lord of the castle.
 When the guild master of the alliance succeeds in registering the official seal with the pedestal, their sword symbols will turn into shields and they will now have to defend the castle.
 The guild with their official seal registered at the end of the siege will be the lord of the castle.
 Siege weapons
 The siege weapons are placed at the respective fields of the invading and defending teams.
 Click siege weapons to view the menu to select the attacking location.
 Players can view the location being attacked when using the siege weapons.
 Senior NPC
 The lord of the castle can collect the taxes from using the stores and other systems operated by the corresponding cluster. Adjusting tax rate and settings for castle operations is done through the senior NPC located in the Dragon tower.
  Role : Maintenance and upgrading of 6 castle gates and 4 guardian statues, tax adjustment
 Repairing/upgrading is not possible during the siege.
 Tax adjustment is applicable starting from 2 hours after the siege till the next siege.
 Tax will not apply during 2 hours of the siege. Lord's Mix
 Maintenance/upgrading of castle gates
 To check the status of the castle gate click the senior NPC.
 Castle gate layout (3 stages)
Defense power (3 stages)
Unselected castle gates will be displayed in gray color.
When the durability is 100% the "Repair" button will be deactivated
Button for upgrading durability (HP)
Button for upgrading defense power (Armor)
 Status
 Upgrade 0(Basic) Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3
 when destroyed
 needs to be repaired
 normal
 HP 500,000 800,000 1,500,000 3,000,000
 Defensive Power 100 180 300 520
 Cost for upgrading the castle gates
 Upgrade Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3
 HP 2 Jewel of guardian
+ 1,000,000 zen 3 Jewel of guardian
+ 1,000,000 zen 4 Jewel of guardian
+ 1,000,000 zen
 Defensive Power 2 Jewel of guardian
+ 3,000,000 zen 3 Jewel of guardian
+ 3,000,000 zen 4 Jewel of guardian
+ 3,000,000 zen
 Upgrading guardian statue
 To check the status of the castle gate click the senior NPC.
 Layout
Defensive Power
Recovery Power
Increase the abilities of guardian statue
 Basic statistics for upgrading the Guardian statue
 Upgrade 0(Basic) Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3
 HP 400,000 750,000 1,300,000 2,500,000
 Defensive Power 80 180 340 550
 Recovery 0% 1% 2% 3%
 Cost for upgrading the Guardian statue
 Upgrade Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3
 HP 3 Jewel of guardian
+ 1,000,000 zen 5 Jewel of guardian
+ 1,000,000 zen 7 Jewel of guardian
+ 1,000,000 zen
 Defensive Power 3 Jewel of guardian
+ 3,000,000 zen 5 Jewel of guardian
+ 3,000,000 zen 7 Jewel of guardian
+ 3,000,000 zen
 Defensive Power 3 Jewel of guardian
+ 5,000,000 zen 5 Jewel of guardian
+ 5,000,000 zen 7 Jewel of guardian
+ 3,000,000 zen
 Tax Adjustment
 The lord of a castle can charge/collect tax from all the merchant NPCs.
 Adjust tax rate through the senior NPC.
 Tax adjustment menu
Apply the adjust tax rate details clicking the "Apply" button
Collected tax will be displayed at the senior NPC and only the lord of a castle can make a withdrawal.
 Tax adjustment setting
 Tax adjustment can only be changed 2 hours after the siege till the next siege.
 Tax adjustment is divided into Chaos Goblin's tax rate and NPC's tax rate.
 Only the lord of the castle can adjust the tax rate.
 The tax rate will be applied when the "Apply" button is clicked and new tax rates will be added to existing item prices.
 Collected taxes will be displayed as a remaining zen of the senior NPC.
 NPC who are not affected by taxes are: Sebina, Marlon, Guild master, Charon, Messenger of Archangel
 Only the lord of the castle is allowed to withdraw taxes.
 Allowed withdrawal per transactions is set at 50,000,000 zen.
 The cost of maintenance/upgrades will be deducted from the castle lord&rsquo;s inventory.
 Share
 Request for the Guide Update
 Share on
 twitter
 facebook
 Copy
 Close
 © Webzen Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
 TOP
