https://muonline.webzen.com/pt/gameinfo/guide/detail/129

Illusion Temple : Mu Online
 GUIDE LIBRARY
 Search
 Search
 Close
 Beginner's Guide
 Top-up
 WEBSHOP
 How to Start
 Play Guide
 Level Up Guide
 Quest
 Skill & Trade
 Lucky Item Ticket
 Character
 Dark Knight
 Dark Wizard
 Fairy Elf
 Magic Gladiator
 Dark Lord
 Summoner
 Rage Fighter
 Grow Lancer
 Rune Mage
 Slayer
 Gun Crusher
 White Wizard & Mage
 Illusion Knight
 Alchemist
 Maps & Monsters
 Temple of Arnil
 Gray Aida
 Burning Kethotum & Old Kethotum
 Kanturu Underground
 Ignis Volcano
 Gore Tarkan
 Tormenta Island
 Distorted Karutan 1
 Kardamahal Underground Temple
 Swamp of Destruction
 Items
 Jewels
 Wings
 Mastery Talisman of Chaos Assembly
 Artifact
 Ability
 Game System
 Basic Info
 Item Upgrade
 Moss the Gambler
 Socket System
 Auto Hunting Mode
 Party & Multiclient
 Gold Channel Guide
 Gens
 Cash Shop/Inventory
 Muun
 Hunting Log
 Skills
 Character Information Window
 Elemental System Update
 EXP system & Convenience
 Currency: Ruud
 Stat Specialization
 Gremory Case
 Buying Back and More
 4 Level Seed Sphere
 Seasonal Improvements
 UI Change
 Jewel of Pandora
 Connect To SNS
 Matching System
 NPC
 Mysterious Stone
 Monster Soul Converter
 Guardian
 Season Pass
 Translation
 Event
 Battle Core
 Blood Castle
 Castle Siege
 Chaos Castle
 Chaos Castle Survival of the Fittest
 Crywolf
 Devil Square
 Event Map Square
 Gold Invasion
 Illusion Temple
 Maze of Dimensions
 Mini Games
 Protector of Archeron
 Tormented Square
 Fortress of Empire : Baruka Event Map
 White Wizard Invasion
 Group Boss Battle Event
 Speed Server Event
 Mastery Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 Accessories
 Legendary Items
 Legendary Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 MU Lite
 MU Lite
 Go to Homepage
 Entire Game Guide
 Update Guide
 ENGLISH
 ESPAÑOL
 PORTUGUÊS
 ภาษาไทย
Illusion Temple
 Illusion Temple
 To enter the illusion event you must form a party consisting of 5 people. 
 Illusion temple lvls
Once the event start has been announced you have 5 minutes time to go to the Illusion Temple NPC (Event square 189,21) and register for the level range you are in:
 Mirage - Event square (189,21)
 Illusion Temple NPC
 The event consists out of two teams(randomly generated - max 2 teams of 5 ppl) who will try to get as many items from the Stone Henge NPC as possible. Once a player has received the item he will be slowed. Returning the item to the base camp will get the team 1 point. The players will not be able to use their skills in battle. They will be granted skills only when killing adversaries. Also the players look will change just like in chaos castle.
When you enter you are warped inside the waiting room until illusion temple starts, when it starts teams are putted together 'alliance' and 'illusion' team. Teams are random meaning u cannot chose your ally nor your opponent.
 What to do in illusion temple
 In illusion temple the purpose of the game is to capture the 'illusion temple ball' located in the north and in the south of the map you must return these to a container at your starting place
* note: your running speed while carrying the ball will decrease dramatically making u slow and easy to catch* when the ball carrier is killed he drops the ball when u return the ball to your starting place ur team will gain 1 point max points is 7
when u kill an opponent u will gain 5killpoints this is ur personal score and not from the team these points are to use special abilities inside illusion temple
magic shield order: 5pt: function:Prevents 100% of DMG, duration 15 sec resistance order: 5pt: function: Paralyzes the enemy for 15 sec. tracking order: 10pt: function: teleports you to the Ball freeze time: 5pt: function: Takes enemy 50% of SD
Once the event starts, players who are in are assigned to a random team and get a team uniform.
 Red Team Skin
 Blue Team Skin
 Here's a look at the layout of the zone.
You can see the team's two starting positions on the westernmost and easternmost sides of the map.
For each opposing player killed, the killing team gets five skill points which can be spent to temporarily improve their character during the event. On top of killing other players, there are 2 statues located in the event map, each holding an event ball.
 Each team's base also comes equipped with a pedestal, where players can bring back the event balls for points. Once a ball is taken from a status, both statues disappear.
They reappear again once a team returns the ball to their respective base.
 The first team which is able to return the ball seven times first wins. So not only is it important to kill the opposing team as much as possible, but to also gather as many event balls as possible while preventing the opposing team from doing the same. The ball carrier will move in slow motion, so it's important for his or her teammates to work together to protect the ball carrier from the opposing team. Once a ball carrier is killed, DC;s or eaves the event; the ball will fall to the ground and is able to be picked up by any player on either team.
  
 Share
 Request for the Guide Update
 Share on
 twitter
 facebook
 Copy
 Close
 © Webzen Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
 TOP
