https://muonline.webzen.com/pt/gameinfo/guide/detail/119

Chaos Castle : Mu Online
 GUIDE LIBRARY
 Search
 Search
 Close
 Beginner's Guide
 Top-up
 WEBSHOP
 How to Start
 Play Guide
 Level Up Guide
 Quest
 Skill & Trade
 Lucky Item Ticket
 Character
 Dark Knight
 Dark Wizard
 Fairy Elf
 Magic Gladiator
 Dark Lord
 Summoner
 Rage Fighter
 Grow Lancer
 Rune Mage
 Slayer
 Gun Crusher
 White Wizard & Mage
 Illusion Knight
 Alchemist
 Maps & Monsters
 Temple of Arnil
 Gray Aida
 Burning Kethotum & Old Kethotum
 Kanturu Underground
 Ignis Volcano
 Gore Tarkan
 Tormenta Island
 Distorted Karutan 1
 Kardamahal Underground Temple
 Swamp of Destruction
 Items
 Jewels
 Wings
 Mastery Talisman of Chaos Assembly
 Artifact
 Ability
 Game System
 Basic Info
 Item Upgrade
 Moss the Gambler
 Socket System
 Auto Hunting Mode
 Party & Multiclient
 Gold Channel Guide
 Gens
 Cash Shop/Inventory
 Muun
 Hunting Log
 Skills
 Character Information Window
 Elemental System Update
 EXP system & Convenience
 Currency: Ruud
 Stat Specialization
 Gremory Case
 Buying Back and More
 4 Level Seed Sphere
 Seasonal Improvements
 UI Change
 Jewel of Pandora
 Connect To SNS
 Matching System
 NPC
 Mysterious Stone
 Monster Soul Converter
 Guardian
 Season Pass
 Translation
 Event
 Battle Core
 Blood Castle
 Castle Siege
 Chaos Castle
 Chaos Castle Survival of the Fittest
 Crywolf
 Devil Square
 Event Map Square
 Gold Invasion
 Illusion Temple
 Maze of Dimensions
 Mini Games
 Protector of Archeron
 Tormented Square
 Fortress of Empire : Baruka Event Map
 White Wizard Invasion
 Group Boss Battle Event
 Speed Server Event
 Mastery Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 Accessories
 Legendary Items
 Legendary Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 MU Lite
 MU Lite
 Go to Homepage
 Entire Game Guide
 Update Guide
 ENGLISH
 ESPAÑOL
 PORTUGUÊS
 ภาษาไทย
Chaos Castle
 Chaos Castle
 What is Chaos Castle?
 Chaos Castle it&rsquo;s the place where mu warriors fight for prestige or prize,but there can be only one winner. To join the event you must find/buy Armor of Guardsman from NPC&rsquo;s and right click on it, you are disguised to look like your enemies, where no one will be able to tell who&rsquo;s who. A minimum of 2 players is required for event to start.
 How to enter Chaos Castle
 Armor of Guardsman The Chaos Castle is separated into Levels Restrictions
 Chaos Castle Level Basic Characters Magic Gladiator / Dark Lord Entrance Fee
 1 15~49 15~29 25,000 z
 2 50~119 30~99 80,000 z
 3 120~179 100~159 150,000 z
 4 180~239 160~219 250,000 z
 5 240~299 220~279 400,000 z
 6 300~400 280~400 650,000 z
 The [Armor of Guardsman] is sold in the different stores of the each town.
 Sold by "Wandering merchant" at the south gate of lorencia, "Craftsman" in Noria and "Wizard" in Devias.
 Like the Invisibility cloak of Blood Castle, you can right click the armor to check the next entrance time.
 To enter the Chaos Castle left click the [Armor of Guardsman] when the timer indicates opening.
 Players who are flagged as murderers will not be allowed to enter Chaos Castle.
 You character will be transported to the corresponding castle according to its character level and the appropriate amount of zen will be deducted.
 Chaos Castle
 Total number of paricipants allowed in Chaos Castle is 100 broken down into the following
 If the number of players are less than 70 then the remianing participants will automatically bereplaced with monsters
 The event will only begin when there are at least 2 players the the castle (in the same level range). If there is only 1 player the entrance fee will be returned and he will be forced to exit Chaos Castle.
 When the player enters the statChaos Castle his appearance will be changed to a guardsmans.
 Only the appearance will be changed but there will be no changes with the actuals.
 To distinguish the class the character will have sword, staff and crossbow depending on their class.
 Pets and mounts will not be enables in Chaos Castle.
 Basic Rules
 All the characters in Chaos Castle are considered as enemies so it's not necessary to change any functions for PVP.
 Players may not attack each other during the standbytime but they may move around.
 Party mode is disabled once you enter chaos castle.
 Personal store will be closed automatically and it's not possible to request for a guildwar or duel.
 Chatting is allowed in standby mode but is disables once the event starts.
 It's not possible to form a party inside Chaos Castle.
 Buffs will only apply to the player himself and cannot be cast on others.
 Damage between the players will be reduced to 50% while inside the Chaos Castle.
 Player's own character will be set with an effect so he/she can distinguish himself from other characters. (characters is shaded brighter)
 Event point : 2 points for killing a monster and 1 point for killing a character.
 Top player will be decided by points if there are 2 players left after killing all the monsters.
 The map will narrow down from the outside depending on the remaining number of players (including monsters) in the castle.
The character will resurrect in Devias when he gets killed
 Basic Rules
 Monster's appearance is same as the players
The number of monsters will change depending on the number of participants in Chaos
Castle . (Minimum 30-98)
There are monster that explode when they killed and once they explode the character beside the monster will beknocked back and the character will get slightly damage.
 How the character can die
 When his HP becomes reduced to "0" after attacked by a monster or other players.
When he falls outside the castle.
When the HP becomes reduced to "0" after the character get caught in a trap
 End of Chaos Castle
 Quest will be over when all other players are dead.
When all the monsters are killed and only one player remaines by the closing time.
Ranking will be decided according to the points when there are more than 2 players remaining after closing time
 Traps
 Traps will narrow down when the number of players and monsters inside the map are below 50.
Traps will deal the same damage to characters regardless of defense.
Traps will instantly kill players regardless of level or defense.
 Prize
 80% of the entrance fee paid by the participants will be given randomly after the draw when the event starts. (Ex: Castle 1 10 participants => 25,000 * 10 * 0.8 = 200,000 zen)
One of the set items (Jewel of creation, Jewel of life or Jewel of Chaos) will be given to the last survivor. But in level 1 Chaos Castle, either Jewel of Bless, Jewel of Soul, or zen will be given.
Chaos Castle monsters do not have monster drops..
Following are the drop items from the monsters in Chaos Castle .
 Castle Level Jewel of Bless Jewel of Soul Jewel of Chaos Zen
 1 1 1 4 By monster's level
 2 1 1 4 By monster's level
 3 1 1 3 By monster's level
 4 1 1 3 By monster's level
 5 1 2 2 By monster's level
 6 1 2 2 By monster's level
 Share
 Request for the Guide Update
 Share on
 twitter
 facebook
 Copy
 Close
 © Webzen Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
 TOP
