https://muonline.webzen.com/pt/gameinfo/guide/detail/27

Quest for Beginners : Mu Online
 GUIDE LIBRARY
 Search
 Search
 Close
 Beginner's Guide
 Top-up
 WEBSHOP
 How to Start
 Play Guide
 Level Up Guide
 Quest
 Skill & Trade
 Lucky Item Ticket
 Character
 Dark Knight
 Dark Wizard
 Fairy Elf
 Magic Gladiator
 Dark Lord
 Summoner
 Rage Fighter
 Grow Lancer
 Rune Mage
 Slayer
 Gun Crusher
 White Wizard & Mage
 Illusion Knight
 Alchemist
 Maps & Monsters
 Temple of Arnil
 Gray Aida
 Burning Kethotum & Old Kethotum
 Kanturu Underground
 Ignis Volcano
 Gore Tarkan
 Tormenta Island
 Distorted Karutan 1
 Kardamahal Underground Temple
 Swamp of Destruction
 Items
 Jewels
 Wings
 Mastery Talisman of Chaos Assembly
 Artifact
 Ability
 Game System
 Basic Info
 Item Upgrade
 Moss the Gambler
 Socket System
 Auto Hunting Mode
 Party & Multiclient
 Gold Channel Guide
 Gens
 Cash Shop/Inventory
 Muun
 Hunting Log
 Skills
 Character Information Window
 Elemental System Update
 EXP system & Convenience
 Currency: Ruud
 Stat Specialization
 Gremory Case
 Buying Back and More
 4 Level Seed Sphere
 Seasonal Improvements
 UI Change
 Jewel of Pandora
 Connect To SNS
 Matching System
 NPC
 Mysterious Stone
 Monster Soul Converter
 Guardian
 Season Pass
 Translation
 Event
 Battle Core
 Blood Castle
 Castle Siege
 Chaos Castle
 Chaos Castle Survival of the Fittest
 Crywolf
 Devil Square
 Event Map Square
 Gold Invasion
 Illusion Temple
 Maze of Dimensions
 Mini Games
 Protector of Archeron
 Tormented Square
 Fortress of Empire : Baruka Event Map
 White Wizard Invasion
 Group Boss Battle Event
 Speed Server Event
 Mastery Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 Accessories
 Legendary Items
 Legendary Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 MU Lite
 MU Lite
 Go to Homepage
 Entire Game Guide
 Update Guide
 ENGLISH
 ESPAÑOL
 PORTUGUÊS
 ภาษาไทย
Quest
 Quest for Beginners
 Tutorial Quest
 4th Class Quest
 5th Class Quest
 Quest for Beginners
 Quests for beginners
 Receive Buff first before going out to hunt!!
 Click  and open a world map
 Go to the red mark
 Find out to NPC (Shadow Phantom Soldier)
 Talk to NPC (Shadow Phantom Soldier)
 Select an answer in the red mark 1. Buff
 2. Quest
 Talk to NPC (Shadow Phantom Soldier)
 Select an answer in the red mark
 Get Quests 1. Buff
 2. Quest
 Hunt S pider
 Hunt Bu dge Dragon
 Keep hunting with quests. This is the fastest way for level up.
You will meet more quests depending on your level.
 Find the Scroll of Emperor
 Once you have reached level 150, go to the Priestess Sebina in Devias to hear the story of the 'Scroll of Emperor'. You will need to offer a token of 1 Million Zen for the Priestess's story.
The 'Scroll of Emperor', which tells of Muren, the first emperor to unify MU, is said to have been seen around the Lost Tower, Atlans, and the Dungeon.
Legends have been told of the Scroll being enveloped by a great power and whoever reads from the scroll shall be able to wield this power.Once you find the Scroll, go to the Priestess who will aid you in unlocking the Scroll's power.
As you feel the Scroll's power flowing through you, the Priestess relates the story of the peace brought about by Emperor Muren's reign. A historical record of the first emperor Muren contains the commemoration of peace through the triumph of Muren over all warlords, and by doing so, unified the continent into the Empire of MU.
 Muren was one of the three Heroes that ended the chaos brought upon the people by Sekneum's invasion.
After the empire was united, people swore loyalty to the emperor. To signify this oath of loyalty the tribes offered three treasures.
The 'Broken Sword' was offered by the dark knights as a symbol of their bravery, loyalty and their wish for prosperity.
The 'Tear of Elf' was offered by the elves as a token of their vow to strengthen the unity between elves and humans. The 'Soul of Wizard' was offered by the dark wizards as a symbol of their vow to dedicate their power for the peace and freedom of the empire. The Priestess can assist you in furthering this quest if you give her a small token for her troubles worth 2 million Zen. She will then task you to seek one of the three treasures depending on which tribe you hail from.
Return the treasure to the priestess to complete this quest. Once you complete this quest you will become either: a Blade Knight, a Soul Master, or a Muse Elf.
 Gain Hero Status
 The legendary treasure called 'Ring of Glory', once worn by the first emperor Muren has manifested its presence once more within our lands. Whoever possesses the 'Ring of Glory' gains the blessing of Muren. It is said to be found in the deserts across the sea.
Talk to Marlon who will appear in Devias, Lorencia, Noria, or Atlans. He will tell you more about the Ring once you give him a gift of 3 million Zen.
Return to Marlon once you have found the Ring of Glory to complete your transformation into one of the vanguards of the Continent of MU. For Blade Knights who thirst for a greater power talk to Marlon again once you finish this quest.
 The Blade Knights possess a power that only they can wield. The ability to string together their techniques have made these knights extremely powerful and no other tribe has been able to emulate this.
The 'Dark Stone' calls out from the deserts.
It calls out to the brave Blade Knights to continue the legacy of their tribe and seek this skill.
Marlon, one of the keepers of the tribe's heritage, invites you to embark on this quest.
He requires an offering of 3 Million Zen as a symbol of your commitment. Bring to him the Dark Stone and unlock the true power of the Blade Knights.
 3rd Class change requires finished Marlon quest and has 3 parts.
 Part 1 (Certificate of Strength)
 Conditions and Rewards: Quest Starting and Ending : NPC Priest Devin (Location: Devias 182,27 /original place/), Dialogs readings. Completion Requirement: Level 380 or above with 5mil Zen. Part 2 (Infiltration of Barracks of Ballgass)
 Conditions and Rewards: Quest Starting and Ending : NPC Priest Devin, Dialogs readings. Completion Requirement: Must be level 400 and have completed the 1st quest, and have 7mil Zen with you. Completion Method: Enter the map Barracks of Ballgass and kill 10 each of Balram(Hero), Death Spirit(Hero) and Soram(Hero). Completion Reward: Extra 10 Stat points to spend. Kill Count Gaining Method: The one user(or party) that has done the most damage to a current monster earns the kill count. Barracks of Ballgass Map Guide: Entering Location : NPC Werewolf Quarrel (Location: Devias 187,27), Dialogs reading and confirmation button to enter map (Party leader must enter warp first for other party members above lvl 350 to enter map). Entering Condition: Can only enter if doing 3rd Job change 2nd quest. While in party, if you have already finish the quest or aren't doing it. Your wont get any kill counts, but the other party member who are doing the quest will get kill counts. It is possible to submit already made kills to Priest Devin, and you can go back and kill the remaining required ones. Part 3 (Into The Darkness)
 Conditions and Rewards: Quest Starting and Ending : NPC Priest Devin, Dialogs readings. Completion Requirement: Must be level 400 and have completed the 2nd quest, and have 10mil Zen with you. Completion Method: Enter the Refuge of Ballgass which is located inside at the end of Barracks of Ballgass, and kill 1 Dark Elf(Hero). Completion Reward: Extra 20 stats points to spend, 3rd Class Job Change completed. Kill Count Gaining Method: The one user(or party) that has done the most damage to a current monster earns the kill count. Refuge of Ballgass Map Guide: Entering Location : NPC Gatekeeper (Location: Barracks of Ballgass 119,168), Dialogs reading and confirmation button to enter map (Party leader must enter warp first for other party members above lvl 350 to enter map). Entering Condition: Can only enter if doing 3rd Job change 3rd quest. While in party, if you have already finish the quest or aren't doing it. Your wont get any kill counts, but the other party member who are doing the quest will get kill counts. It is possible to submit already made kills to Priest Devin, and you can go back and kill the remaining required ones. Here are all classes: Dark Knight -> Blade Knight -> Blade Master
Dark Wizard -> Soul Master -> Grand Master
Elf -> Muse Elf -> High Elf
Magic Gladiator -> - none -> Duel Master
Dark Lord -> - none -> Lord Emperor
 MU Season 6 New Quest
 Daily Quest
 1. The definition of daily quest
After the completion of a quest, another quest can't be taken for a certain time
After the certain amount of time, same quest can be done
 2. The way to participate in daily quest
(1) Quest available level: 350 ~ 400
(2) Daily Quest registration
(3) With the quest item used, a daily quest is given
(4) Daily Quest
 3. Quest Contents
  
 Share
 Request for the Guide Update
 Share on
 twitter
 facebook
 Copy
 Close
 © Webzen Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
 TOP
