https://muonline.webzen.com/pt/gameinfo/guide/detail/325

Speed Server Event FAQ : Mu Online
 GUIDE LIBRARY
 Search
 Search
 Close
 Beginner's Guide
 Top-up
 WEBSHOP
 How to Start
 Play Guide
 Level Up Guide
 Quest
 Skill & Trade
 Lucky Item Ticket
 Character
 Dark Knight
 Dark Wizard
 Fairy Elf
 Magic Gladiator
 Dark Lord
 Summoner
 Rage Fighter
 Grow Lancer
 Rune Mage
 Slayer
 Gun Crusher
 White Wizard & Mage
 Illusion Knight
 Alchemist
 Maps & Monsters
 Temple of Arnil
 Gray Aida
 Burning Kethotum & Old Kethotum
 Kanturu Underground
 Ignis Volcano
 Gore Tarkan
 Tormenta Island
 Distorted Karutan 1
 Kardamahal Underground Temple
 Swamp of Destruction
 Items
 Jewels
 Wings
 Mastery Talisman of Chaos Assembly
 Artifact
 Ability
 Game System
 Basic Info
 Item Upgrade
 Moss the Gambler
 Socket System
 Auto Hunting Mode
 Party & Multiclient
 Gold Channel Guide
 Gens
 Cash Shop/Inventory
 Muun
 Hunting Log
 Skills
 Character Information Window
 Elemental System Update
 EXP system & Convenience
 Currency: Ruud
 Stat Specialization
 Gremory Case
 Buying Back and More
 4 Level Seed Sphere
 Seasonal Improvements
 UI Change
 Jewel of Pandora
 Connect To SNS
 Matching System
 NPC
 Mysterious Stone
 Monster Soul Converter
 Guardian
 Season Pass
 Translation
 Event
 Battle Core
 Blood Castle
 Castle Siege
 Chaos Castle
 Chaos Castle Survival of the Fittest
 Crywolf
 Devil Square
 Event Map Square
 Gold Invasion
 Illusion Temple
 Maze of Dimensions
 Mini Games
 Protector of Archeron
 Tormented Square
 Fortress of Empire : Baruka Event Map
 White Wizard Invasion
 Group Boss Battle Event
 Speed Server Event
 Mastery Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 Accessories
 Legendary Items
 Legendary Items
 Weapons
 Armors
 MU Lite
 MU Lite
 Go to Homepage
 Entire Game Guide
 Update Guide
 ENGLISH
 ESPAÑOL
 PORTUGUÊS
 ภาษาไทย
Speed Server Event
 Speed Server Event FAQ
 Speed Server Event FAQ
 Below are the specific guide and details regarding the speed server evnet
 Acquiring Ruud from Speed Server Event
 ■ Ruud is given as a settlement reward for each Speed Server level achieved.
 ※ After the server transfer, you can receive it through the Gremory Case (shortcut key: K).
 Additional Ruud is given for each Speed Server level up.
 - [100] Ruud is given automatically to Inventory for every 1 level starting from Master Level (Lv. 400)
 ※ Up to 40,000 Ruud can be obtained from Lv.401 to Lv.800.
 4th Advancement on Speed Server
 ■ The 4th Advancement is not possible on Speed Servers.
 - Depending on the Speed Server level expansion, you can go up to level 800,
   but the 4th Advancement Quest is not possible on the Speed Server.
 For characters grown on the Speed Server, please use the 4th Advancement quest after transferring to a regular server.
 Transfer of character to other server after the Speed Server Event
 The Server Transfer start and end date can be found at the notice and webpage. All servers are avaible for transfer from the Speed server.
 ■ Can I receive mission rewards if I use premium services after transferring to a regular server?
 No, you cannot receive rewards.
 Since you can receive mission rewards based on the data at the time of transfer from the Speed Server to the main server,
 if you use premium services such as [Server Transfer / Character Transfer / Character Name Change],
 you will not be able to receive rewards even if you meet the mission reward conditions.
 Transfer of character during and after the Speed Server event period
 When transferring from a Speed Server to a regular server, you can purchase and use a Speed Server Transfer Coupon for free.
 Please refer to the instruction below on how to purchase and use the Server Transfer coupon.
 ■ How to purchase a Premium Server Transfer Coupon for the Speed Server
 1) Purchase [EVENT]Speed Server Transfer item for 0 coin at in-game shop.
 2) Go to [MU Homepage Store] – [Shop] - [Premium Coupon], check the “Speed Server Transfer" product, and click [Use].
 ※ The account must be logged in for more than 10 minutes to use the service normally.
 ※ Speed Server transfer products do not require identity verification during use.
 4) After applying for transfer according to the procedure, the service will proceed when you click the Start button.
 How do I use Archangel's Absolute Weapon on the Speed Server?
 ■ What is the [SPEED] Absolute Weapon Box?
  - This item is sold at the Speed Server Exclusive store and can be purchased at the Homepage store and In-game shop.
  - After purchasing the item, throw the Absolute Weapon Box in your inventory on the floor
     to obtain 11 Archangel's Absolute Weapon (7 days) item that fits your class.
 ※ The Magic Gladiator class can acquire the Archangel's Absolute Staff or the Archangel's Absolute Sword depending on the stats they have.
 - Items once acquired cannot be exchanged. (Ex: Cannot exchange Magic Gladiator Sword → Staff)
 Is it possible to use premium services on the Speed Server?
 Speed Server allows you to use premium services for the items below.
 - Stat Adjustment / Master Skill Reset / Server Transfer
 ※ Character Name Change, Character Transfer, and Skill Enhancement Tree Reset products cannot be used.
 However, the Server Transfer Premium Service can only be used during the transfer period
 when transferring from a Speed Server to a regular server.
 I would like to know about the 1st and 2nd Lucky Ticket Packages.
 ■ What is a Lucky Ticket Package?
 This package is sold at the Speed Server store and can be purchased at the Homepage store and In-game Shop.
 When using the ticket, you can obtain lucky items such as Armor/Gloves/Helmet/Boots/Pants.
 It is sold in 1st/2nd Lucky Ticket Packages depending on your level.
 1) 1st Lucky Ticket Package: Obtain Armor/Gloves/Helmet/Boots/Pants that can be worn from level 1
 2) 2nd Lucky Ticket Package: Obtain Armor/Gloves/Helmet/Boots/Pants that can be worn from level 150
 ※ Magic Gladiator cannot exchange Lucky Helmet item, and Rage Fighter cannot exchange Lucky Glove item.
 ※ Purchase cancellation is not possible after using Lucky Ticket Package items.
 ■ How to use Lucky items in the game
 1) After purchasing a lucky ticket, the lucky ticket will be sent to your inventory when you use it in your storage.
 2) Right-click the lucky ticket item in your inventory.
 ※ When used, it is exchanged for an item that matches the character's job, and the item's enhancement level is randomly generated.
 ※ Lucky items provided cannot be sold/discarded/traded.
 ■ How to repair lucky item's durability
 1) Unequip the lucky item you wish to repair and place it in inventory.
 2) Drag the Jewel of Extension item to the lucky item
 ※ The durability of lucky items can be repaired using Jewel of Extension item.
 ※ If durability becomes 0, repair is no longer possible.
 ■ How to deal with lucky items with 0 durability
 1) Click the dismantle button in your inventory (I) (the mouse cursor shape changes to dismastle)
 2) When you click the [Lucky Item > Confirm] button, the lucky item is dismantled.
 ※ Dismantled lucky items disappear from the inventory.
 How do I purchase cash products from the Speed Server?
 Please use the exclusive Speed Shop on the Homepage store and In-game shop.
 ※ Unused Speed Server products will be deleted when the Speed Server ends.
 ※ Please be sure to use the products during the event period.
 During the event period, special items will be provided when transferring to this server depending on the character level achieved.
 Don't forget to transfer to a regular server before the event ends so you don't miss out on the rewards!
 I am curious about the achievement rewards for each Speed Server level.
 During the event period, special items will be provided when transferring to this server depending on the character level achieved.
 Don't forget to transfer to a regular server before the event ends so you don't miss out on the rewards!
 I transferred from a Speed Server to a regular server, but my items disappeared.
 When transferring from a Speed Server to a regular server,
 all items equipped and possessed on the Speed Server will be deleted and only some information will be transferred.
 In addition, settlement reward items will be provided based on the Character Lv. achieved on the Speed Server.
 Share
 Request for the Guide Update
 Share on
 twitter
 facebook
 Copy
 Close
 © Webzen Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
 TOP
